README.md, before:

#### NB: As of June 2013, I've started on a massive reworking of this project from the ground up.

Copyright 2013 Jana E. Beck  
Contact: jana.eliz.beck@gmail.com

## License

The software tools in this repository are free software: you can redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

These programs are distributed in the hope that they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

## About

The software tools in this repository are provided as aids for extracting data from files exported from the software that comes with certain diabetes-related medical devices (namely, continuous glucose monitors and insulin pumps) and visualizing that data. None of the tools in this repository is intended to substitute for professional medical advice regarding your diabetes care. Consult with your health care provider before making any treatment decisions or changes.

Commit message:

added 'About This Branch' section to README.md

README.md, after:

## About This Branch

This branch contains demo visualizations of various sources of diabetes data, particularly (and only, so far) data exported from my Dexcom continuous glucose monitor. The visualizations are built using the JavaScript data visualization library [D3](http://d3js.org/ 'D3: Data-Driven Documents'), often in combination with [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/ 'Bootstrap') CSS and JavaScript for UI elements and interaction.

When each visualization is in a reasonably ready state, I push it to a location within `http://janabeck.com/iPancreas/examples/html/...` on my [GitHub Pages](http://pages.github.com/ 'GitHub Pages') site for this project. When each visualization is in a reasonably *finished* state, I add it to my [gallery](http://janabeck.com/iPancreas/examples/html/gallery.html 'D3 Visualizations of Diabetes Data').

Copyright 2013 Jana E. Beck  
Contact: jana.eliz.beck@gmail.com

## License

The software tools in this repository are free software: you can redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

These programs are distributed in the hope that they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

## About

The software tools in this repository are provided as aids for extracting data from files exported from the software that comes with certain diabetes-related medical devices (namely, continuous glucose monitors and insulin pumps) and visualizing that data. None of the tools in this repository is intended to substitute for professional medical advice regarding your diabetes care. Consult with your health care provider before making any treatment decisions or changes.
